SQUEAK TEXT EDITOR NOTES
========================

The Alt key should be used for Command when running Squeak on Windows.

MOVEMENT
--------

	Left					Move cursor one character left.
	Up						Move cursor one character up.
	Down					Move cursor one character down.
	Right					Move cursor one character right.

	Command-left			Move cursor one word left.
	Command-up				Move cursor one page up.
	Command-down			Move cursor one page down.
	Command-right			Move cursor one word right.

SELECTION
---------
	(Lower case commands.)
		Command-a			Select all.
		Command-e			Exchange current selection with prior selection.
		Command-space		Select current word.
	
	(Upper case commands.)
		Command-M			Select text typed since last operation.
	
	(Mouse commands.)
		Double left clicking a word selects it.
		Double left clicking at the beginning or end of a line selects that line.
		Double left clicking at the beginning or end of the view selects the text in that view.
	
	(Using a movement key with Shift held down defines or modifies a selection.)
	
DELIMITERS
----------
	(Keyboard commands.)
		Command-"			Enclose selection within double quotes.
		Command-'			Enclose selection within single quotes.
		Command-(			Enclose selection within parentheses.
		Command-[			Enclose selection within brackets.
		Command-{			Enclose selection within curly brackets.
		Command-<			Enclose selection within angle brackets.

	(Mouse commands.)
		Double left clicking just inside either delimiter selects the text contained within.

MODIFICATION
------------
	(Lower case commands.)
		Command-w			Delete preceding word.
		Command-x			Cut selection.
		Command-c			Copy selection.
		Command-v			Paste.
		Command-y			Swap characters and advance cursor.
	
	(Upper case commands.)
		Command-D			Duplicate selection.
		(Paste the current selection over the prior selection.)
	
	(Other commands.)
		Shift-backspace		Backward delete word.
		Shift-delete		Forward delete word.

SEARCH
------
	(Lower case commands.)
		Command-f			Find.
		Command-g			Find again.
		Command-h			Set selection as search string.
	
OPERATIONS
----------
	(Lower case commands.)
		Command-z			Undo.
		Command-j			Again once.
		(Do the last copy, cut, or replace operation again. If the last operation was a replacement, replace next occurrence of the replaced text with the replacement. If the last operation was a copy, find next occurrence of copied text.)

	(Upper case commands.)
		Command-J			Again all.
		(Do the last cut or replace operation throughout the window. If the last operation was a replacement, replace all occurrences of the replaced text with the replacement.)

		Command-C			Compare selection to clipboard.
		(Open a new window showing a comparison of the selection with the contents of the clipboard.)

COMBINATIONS
------------

	Command-h, Command-g	Find next occurrence of current selection.
	Command-c, Command-j	Find next occurrence of current selection.
